planning/communication-plan.md, before:

# Communication

## Group Rules

<!-- any general rules you'd like to set for your group? -->

---

## Communication Schedule

| Day       | How  | The topic of discussion                                       |
| --------- | :--: | ------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Monday    | Zoom | Discuss what can be improved in planning                      |
| Tuesday   | Zoom | Final review of planning and division of development strategy |
| Wednesday | Zoom | Updates on must-haves progress                                |

<!-- ## Communication Channels

how often will we get in touch on each channel, and what we will discuss there:

- **Issues**:
- **Pull Requests**:
- **GitHub Discussions**: For review
- **Slack/Discord**: Discord
- **Video Calls**: Yes

--- -->

## Availability

### Availability for calling/messaging

| Day      |   Monday   |  Tuesday   | Wednesday  |  Thursday  |   Friday   |  Saturday   |   Sunday    |
| -------- | :--------: | :--------: | :--------: | :--------: | :--------: | :---------: | :---------: |
| _Fenny_  | 6pm - 9pm  | 6pm - 9pm  | 9am - 5pm  | 6pm - 9pm  | 6pm - 9pm  |  6pm - 9pm  |  6pm - 9pm  |
| _Kaveh_  | 8pm - 10pm | 8pm - 10pm | 8pm - 10pm | 8pm - 10pm | 8pm - 10pm | 8pm - 10pm  | 8pm - 10pm  |
| _Ali_    | 7pm - 11pm | 7pm - 11pm | 7pm - 11pm | 7pm - 11pm | 7pm - 11pm | 12pm - 11pm | 12pm - 11pm |
| _Shewit_ | 7pm - 11pm | 7pm - 11pm | 7pm - 11pm | 1pm - 11pm | 7pm - 11pm | 2pm - 11pm  | 8pm - 11pm  |

### How many hours everyone has per day

- Ali: _3h_;
- Kaveh: _2h_;
- Shewit: _3h_;
- Fenny: _3h_; I can work more on Wednesday

## Asking for Help

There's a fine line between confidently learning from your mistakes, and
stubbornly getting no where. Here is a general guide for when to ask for help
based on how long you've been stuck on the same problem:

1. _0 -> 30 min_: Try on your own
2. _30 -> 60 min_: Ask your group for help
3. _60+ min_: Tag your coaches in Slack or GitHub

Commit message:

updated communcation schedule till Friday

planning/communication-plan.md, after:

# Communication

## Group Rules

<!-- any general rules you'd like to set for your group? -->

---

## Communication Schedule

| Day       |      How      | The topic of discussion                                                            |
| --------- | :-----------: | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Monday    |     Zoom      | Discuss what can be improved in planning                                           |
| Tuesday   |     Zoom      | Final review of planning and division of development strategy                      |
| Wednesday |     Zoom      | Updates on must-haves progress                                                     |
| Thursday  |     Zoom      | Review of development-strategy and updates for should-haves and could-haves issues |
| Friday    | Github Issues | Animations                                                                         |

<!-- ## Communication Channels

how often will we get in touch on each channel, and what we will discuss there:

- **Issues**:
- **Pull Requests**:
- **GitHub Discussions**: For review
- **Slack/Discord**: Discord
- **Video Calls**: Yes

--- -->

## Availability

### Availability for calling/messaging

| Day      |   Monday   |  Tuesday   | Wednesday  |  Thursday  |   Friday   |  Saturday   |   Sunday    |
| -------- | :--------: | :--------: | :--------: | :--------: | :--------: | :---------: | :---------: |
| _Fenny_  | 6pm - 9pm  | 6pm - 9pm  | 9am - 5pm  | 6pm - 9pm  | 6pm - 9pm  |  6pm - 9pm  |  6pm - 9pm  |
| _Kaveh_  | 8pm - 10pm | 8pm - 10pm | 8pm - 10pm | 8pm - 10pm | 8pm - 10pm | 8pm - 10pm  | 8pm - 10pm  |
| _Ali_    | 7pm - 11pm | 7pm - 11pm | 7pm - 11pm | 7pm - 11pm | 7pm - 11pm | 12pm - 11pm | 12pm - 11pm |
| _Shewit_ | 7pm - 11pm | 7pm - 11pm | 7pm - 11pm | 1pm - 11pm | 7pm - 11pm | 2pm - 11pm  | 8pm - 11pm  |

### How many hours everyone has per day

- Ali: _3h_;
- Kaveh: _2h_;
- Shewit: _3h_;
- Fenny: _3h_; I can work more on Wednesday

## Asking for Help

There's a fine line between confidently learning from your mistakes, and
stubbornly getting no where. Here is a general guide for when to ask for help
based on how long you've been stuck on the same problem:

1. _0 -> 30 min_: Try on your own
2. _30 -> 60 min_: Ask your group for help
3. _60+ min_: Tag your coaches in Slack or GitHub
