planning/development-strategy.md, before:

# Loruki

## Title

> As a front-end developer I want to see the title of the website immediately so
> that I know that I'm on the right website

- [ ] There is a prominent title of the website at the top

### HTML

- Title of Loruki website in the header
- Loruki logo at the very top of the page in body

### CSS

- Style the logo to the left side with normal size easily visible against the
  background

## Content

> As a photographer I want to know what this website is about so that i can
> decide if it's the right website for me

- [ ] There is centered content that explains what Loruki can be used for

### HTML

- a few paragraphs on what service Loruki provides

### CSS

- position it to one side of the page
- Have a larger text to describe it in a few words and then paragraphs in
  smaller text size

## Form

> As a front-end developer i want to try out the demo before selecting Loruki as
> the suitable service provider for my company to ensure that it's a better
> deployment service than others

- [ ] There should be a form that will take the information of a user and send
      her a demo version of Loruki

### HTML

- Have a div with Request Demo form in with Name, Company Mail and Email inputs
  with a button to send

### CSS

- change the background color of the div to make it appear as a box for the form
- position it to the other side of content

## Languages

> As a front-end-developer i want to know what languages are supported by Loruki
> to determine if it can be used for my projects

- [ ] Clearly shows all the supported languages on the home-page

### HTML

- headers with text of Supported Languages
- headers wrapped in divs and all the divs wrapped in another div as container

### CSS

- center the text in headers and make the container show it's divs in a row
- center the container itself

Commit message:

solved lint:md error of multiple headings with same content

planning/development-strategy.md, after:

# Loruki

## Title

> As a front-end developer I want to see the title of the website immediately so
> that I know that I'm on the right website

- [ ] There is a prominent title of the website at the top

### Title: HTML

- Title of Loruki website in the header
- Loruki paragraph at the very top of the page in body

### Title: CSS

- Style the logo to the left side with normal size easily visible against the
  background

## Content

> As a photographer I want to know what this website is about so that i can
> decide if it's the right website for me

- [ ] There is centered content that explains what Loruki can be used for

### Content: HTML

- a few paragraphs on what service Loruki provides

### Content: CSS

- position it to one side of the page
- Have a larger text to describe it in a few words and then paragraphs in
  smaller text size

## Form

> As a front-end developer i want to try out the demo before selecting Loruki as
> the suitable service provider for my company to ensure that it's a better
> deployment service than others

- [ ] There should be a form that will take the information of a user and send
      her a demo version of Loruki

### Form: HTML

- Have a div with Request Demo form in with Name, Company Mail and Email inputs
  with a button to send

### Form: CSS

- change the background color of the div to make it appear as a box for the form
- position it to the other side of content

## Languages

> As a front-end-developer i want to know what languages are supported by Loruki
> to determine if it can be used for my projects

- [ ] Clearly shows all the supported languages on the home-page

### Languages: HTML

- headers with text of Supported Languages
- headers wrapped in divs and all the divs wrapped in another div as container

### Languages: CSS

- center the text in headers and make the container show it's divs in a row
- center the container itself
